When we are empty and light, without it,
As long as you have food, it'll be fine.
We say that our family should be able to afford it.
A feasible friend, he brings light and empty food in one day,
We said we were going home and went home to eat.
The last time I was like this, I was going to fail sooner or later.
Even if I want grandma, I will watch one,
She is a weak woman, so it is obvious that she cannot afford to be brought in.
I help you help you help me help you help you help me help you help you help me help you help me help you help me help
You help me help you help me help you help me help you help you help me help you help me help you help me help you help
I help you, help me, help you, help me, help you, help me, help you, help you, help me, help you, help me, help you, help me
You help me, help you, help me, help you, help me, help you, help you, help you, help you, help you, help me, help you, help you.
You help me, help me, help you, help, help, help you, help, help.
life of the heart
But what did Shujia think?